plugins/babysitter/skills/babysitter/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: babysitter
description: Orchestrate .a5c runs via @a5c-ai/babysitter-sdk CLI. Run iterations, get requested effects, perform effects, post results.
---

# babysitter

Orchestrate `.a5c/runs/<runId>/` through iterative execution. Use the SDK CLI to drive the orchestration loop.

**CLI alias:** `CLI="npx -y @a5c-ai/babysitter-sdk"`

---

## Core Iteration Workflow

The babysitter workflow has 4 steps:

1. **Run iteration** - Execute one orchestration step
2. **Get effects** - Check what tasks are requested
3. **Perform effects** - Execute the requested tasks
4. **Post results** - Tasks auto-record results to journal

### 1. Run Iteration

```bash
$CLI run:iterate .a5c/runs/<runId> --json --iteration <n>
```

**Output:**
```json
{
  "iteration": 1,
  "status": "executed|waiting|completed|failed|none",
  "action": "executed-tasks|waiting|none",
  "reason": "auto-runnable-tasks|breakpoint-waiting|terminal-state",
  "count": 3,
  "metadata": { "runId": "...", "processId": "..." }
}
```

**Status values:**
- `"executed"` - Tasks executed, continue looping
- `"waiting"` - Breakpoint/sleep, pause until released
- `"completed"` - Run finished successfully
- `"failed"` - Run failed with error
- `"none"` - No pending effects

### 2. Get Effects

```bash
$CLI task:list .a5c/runs/<runId> --pending --json
```

**Output:**
```json
{
  "tasks": [
    {
      "effectId": "effect-abc123",
      "kind": "node|agent|skill|breakpoint",
      "label": "auto",
      "status": "requested"
    }
  ]
}
```

### 3. Perform Effects

```bash
$CLI task:run .a5c/runs/<runId> <effectId> --json
```

**Output:**
```json
{
  "status": "ok|error",
  "exitCode": 0,
  "stdoutRef": "tasks/effect-abc123/stdout.log",
  "stderrRef": "tasks/effect-abc123/stderr.log",
  "resultRef": "tasks/effect-abc123/result.json"
}
```

### 4. Results Posting

Task execution automatically:
- Writes result to `tasks/<effectId>/result.json`
- Appends event to journal
- Updates state cache

No manual posting needed.

---

## Complete Loop Example

```bash
CLI="npx -y @a5c-ai/babysitter-sdk"
RUN_ID=".a5c/runs/run-20260120-example"
ITERATION=0

while true; do
  ((ITERATION++))

  # Step 1: Run iteration
  RESULT=$($CLI run:iterate "$RUN_ID" --json --iteration $ITERATION)
  STATUS=$(echo "$RESULT" | jq -r '.status')

  echo "Iteration $ITERATION: $STATUS"

  # Check terminal states
  if [ "$STATUS" = "completed" ] || [ "$STATUS" = "failed" ]; then
    echo "Run $STATUS"
    break
  elif [ "$STATUS" = "waiting" ]; then
    echo "Waiting (breakpoint or sleep)"
    break
  fi

  # Status "executed" or "none" - continue
done
```

---

## Task Kinds

| Kind | Description | Executor |
|------|-------------|----------|
| `node` | Node.js script | Local node process |
| `agent` | LLM agent | Agent runtime |
| `skill` | Claude Code skill | Skill system |
| `breakpoint` | Human approval | UI/CLI |
| `sleep` | Time gate | Scheduler |

### Agent Task Example

```javascript
export const agentTask = defineTask('agent-scorer', (args, taskCtx) => ({
  kind: 'agent',  // ← Use "agent" not "node"
  title: 'Agent scoring',

  agent: {
    name: 'quality-scorer',
    prompt: {
      role: 'QA engineer',
      task: 'Score results 0-100',
      context: { ...args },
      instructions: ['Review', 'Score', 'Recommend'],
      outputFormat: 'JSON'
    },
    outputSchema: {
      type: 'object',
      required: ['score']
    }
  },

  io: {
    inputJsonPath: `tasks/${taskCtx.effectId}/input.json`,
    outputJsonPath: `tasks/${taskCtx.effectId}/result.json`
  }
}));
```

### Skill Task Example

```javascript
export const skillTask = defineTask('analyzer-skill', (args, taskCtx) => ({
  kind: 'skill',  // ← Use "skill" not "node"
  title: 'Analyze codebase',

  skill: {
    name: 'codebase-analyzer',
    context: {
      scope: args.scope,
      depth: args.depth,
      analysisType: args.type,
      criteria: ['Code consistency', 'Naming conventions', 'Error handling'],
      instructions: [
        'Scan specified paths for code patterns',
        'Analyze consistency across the codebase',
        'Check naming conventions',
        'Review error handling patterns',
        'Generate structured analysis report'
      ]
    }
  },

  io: {
    inputJsonPath: `tasks/${taskCtx.effectId}/input.json`,
    outputJsonPath: `tasks/${taskCtx.effectId}/result.json`
  }
}));
```

---

## Packaged Processes

Skills can package processes in `.claude/skills/<skill-name>/process/`:

```
.claude/skills/babysitter/
├── SKILL.md
└── process/
    ├── simple-build-and-test.js
    ├── build-test-with-agent-scoring.js
    ├── codebase-analysis-with-skill.js
    └── examples/
        └── *.json
```

**Usage:**
```bash
$CLI run:create \
  --process-id babysitter/build-test-with-agent-scoring \
  --entry .claude/skills/babysitter/process/build-test-with-agent-scoring.js#process \
  --inputs inputs.json
```

---

## Quick Commands Reference

**Create run:**
```bash
$CLI run:create --process-id <id> --entry <path>#<export> --inputs <path> --run-id <id>
```

**Check status:**
```bash
$CLI run:status <runId> --json
```

**View events:**
```bash
$CLI run:events <runId> --limit 20 --reverse
```

**List tasks:**
```bash
$CLI task:list <runId> --pending --json
```

**Run task:**
```bash
$CLI task:run <runId> <effectId> --json
```

**Iterate:**
```bash
$CLI run:iterate <runId> --json --iteration <n>
```

---

## See Also

- `reference/ADVANCED_PATTERNS.md` - Agent/skill patterns, iterative convergence
- `packages/sdk/sdk.md` - SDK API reference

Commit message:

fix(babysitter): update documentation paths for Babysitter Skill
Revised the documentation in the resume and run command files to reflect the correct path for the Babysitter Skill. This change ensures users are directed to the accurate location of the SKILL.md file, enhancing clarity and usability.

plugins/babysitter/skills/babysitter/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: babysitter
description: Orchestrate .a5c runs via @a5c-ai/babysitter-sdk CLI. Run iterations, get requested effects, perform effects, post results.
---

# babysitter

Orchestrate `.a5c/runs/<runId>/` through iterative execution. Use the SDK CLI to drive the orchestration loop.

**CLI alias:** `CLI="npx -y @a5c-ai/babysitter-sdk"`

---

## Core Iteration Workflow

The babysitter workflow has 4 steps:

1. **Run iteration** - Execute one orchestration step
2. **Get effects** - Check what tasks are requested
3. **Perform effects** - Execute the requested tasks
4. **Post results** - Tasks auto-record results to journal

### 1. Run Iteration

```bash
$CLI run:iterate .a5c/runs/<runId> --json --iteration <n>
```

**Output:**
```json
{
  "iteration": 1,
  "status": "executed|waiting|completed|failed|none",
  "action": "executed-tasks|waiting|none",
  "reason": "auto-runnable-tasks|breakpoint-waiting|terminal-state",
  "count": 3,
  "metadata": { "runId": "...", "processId": "..." }
}
```

**Status values:**
- `"executed"` - Tasks executed, continue looping
- `"waiting"` - Breakpoint/sleep, pause until released
- `"completed"` - Run finished successfully
- `"failed"` - Run failed with error
- `"none"` - No pending effects

### 2. Get Effects

```bash
$CLI task:list .a5c/runs/<runId> --pending --json
```

**Output:**
```json
{
  "tasks": [
    {
      "effectId": "effect-abc123",
      "kind": "node|agent|skill|breakpoint",
      "label": "auto",
      "status": "requested"
    }
  ]
}
```

### 3. Perform Effects

```bash
$CLI task:run .a5c/runs/<runId> <effectId> --json
```

**Output:**
```json
{
  "status": "ok|error",
  "exitCode": 0,
  "stdoutRef": "tasks/effect-abc123/stdout.log",
  "stderrRef": "tasks/effect-abc123/stderr.log",
  "resultRef": "tasks/effect-abc123/result.json"
}
```

### 4. Results Posting

Task execution automatically:
- Writes result to `tasks/<effectId>/result.json`
- Appends event to journal
- Updates state cache

No manual posting needed.

---

## Complete Loop Example

```bash
CLI="npx -y @a5c-ai/babysitter-sdk"
RUN_ID=".a5c/runs/run-20260120-example"
ITERATION=0

while true; do
  ((ITERATION++))

  # Step 1: Run iteration
  RESULT=$($CLI run:iterate "$RUN_ID" --json --iteration $ITERATION)
  STATUS=$(echo "$RESULT" | jq -r '.status')

  echo "Iteration $ITERATION: $STATUS"

  # Check terminal states
  if [ "$STATUS" = "completed" ] || [ "$STATUS" = "failed" ]; then
    echo "Run $STATUS"
    break
  elif [ "$STATUS" = "waiting" ]; then
    echo "Waiting (breakpoint or sleep)"
    break
  fi

  # Status "executed" or "none" - continue
done
```

---

## Task Kinds

| Kind | Description | Executor |
|------|-------------|----------|
| `node` | Node.js script | Local node process |
| `agent` | LLM agent | Agent runtime |
| `skill` | Claude Code skill | Skill system |
| `breakpoint` | Human approval | UI/CLI |
| `sleep` | Time gate | Scheduler |

### Agent Task Example

```javascript
export const agentTask = defineTask('agent-scorer', (args, taskCtx) => ({
  kind: 'agent',  // ← Use "agent" not "node"
  title: 'Agent scoring',

  agent: {
    name: 'quality-scorer',
    prompt: {
      role: 'QA engineer',
      task: 'Score results 0-100',
      context: { ...args },
      instructions: ['Review', 'Score', 'Recommend'],
      outputFormat: 'JSON'
    },
    outputSchema: {
      type: 'object',
      required: ['score']
    }
  },

  io: {
    inputJsonPath: `tasks/${taskCtx.effectId}/input.json`,
    outputJsonPath: `tasks/${taskCtx.effectId}/result.json`
  }
}));
```

### Skill Task Example

```javascript
export const skillTask = defineTask('analyzer-skill', (args, taskCtx) => ({
  kind: 'skill',  // ← Use "skill" not "node"
  title: 'Analyze codebase',

  skill: {
    name: 'codebase-analyzer',
    context: {
      scope: args.scope,
      depth: args.depth,
      analysisType: args.type,
      criteria: ['Code consistency', 'Naming conventions', 'Error handling'],
      instructions: [
        'Scan specified paths for code patterns',
        'Analyze consistency across the codebase',
        'Check naming conventions',
        'Review error handling patterns',
        'Generate structured analysis report'
      ]
    }
  },

  io: {
    inputJsonPath: `tasks/${taskCtx.effectId}/input.json`,
    outputJsonPath: `tasks/${taskCtx.effectId}/result.json`
  }
}));
```

---

## Packaged Processes

Skills can package processes in `.claude/skills/<skill-name>/process/`:

```
.claude/skills/babysitter/
├── SKILL.md
└── process/
    ├── simple-build-and-test.js
    ├── build-test-with-agent-scoring.js
    ├── codebase-analysis-with-skill.js
    └── examples/
        └── *.json
```

**Usage:**
```bash
$CLI run:create \
  --process-id babysitter/build-test-with-agent-scoring \
  --entry .claude/skills/babysitter/process/build-test-with-agent-scoring.js#process \
  --inputs inputs.json
```

---

## Quick Commands Reference

**Create run:**
```bash
$CLI run:create --process-id <id> --entry <path>#<export> --inputs <path> --run-id <id>
```

**Check status:**
```bash
$CLI run:status <runId> --json
```

**View events:**
```bash
$CLI run:events <runId> --limit 20 --reverse
```

**List tasks:**
```bash
$CLI task:list <runId> --pending --json
```

**Run task:**
```bash
$CLI task:run <runId> <effectId> --json
```

**Iterate:**
```bash
$CLI run:iterate <runId> --json --iteration <n>
```
---

## See Also
- `process/tdd-quality-convergence.js` - TDD quality convergence example - read this before creating the code for a run (create the run using the CLI, then use this process as a reference)
- `reference/ADVANCED_PATTERNS.md` - Agent/skill patterns, iterative convergence
- `packages/sdk/sdk.md` - SDK API reference
